this is our list the five phones you
should see at the Vancouver
International Film Festival all the
wrong reasons
from director gia Milani tells the
intertwining stories of employees of a
large department store spending
emotional issues of trauma marital
struggles and the right and wrong ways
to love all the wrong reasons features
the last screen role of Glee star Cory
Monteith who died earlier this year
whitewash from director emanuele hostas
Morris is a story of a widower who after
a sudden act of violence must hide out
in the Quebec bars using a converted
plow as a shelter and being forced to
steal supplies from nearby cabins
featuring a central performance from
Thomas Haden Church drew Hunt of slant
says the film starts as a tense thriller
that eventually evolved into a darkly
humorous and astute character study
Bryan's for young ghouls this is the
first feature from writer director Jeff
Barnaby a John rebending film about the
weed princess of red crow reserve who
communes with spirits in order to exact
revenge on an agent who has tormented
her community for ages and James Adams
of Globo Mail described it as a tough
gritty piece of work long on the
violence but invested with the poetic
sensibility you find in a Cormac
McCarthy novel
milf Itoro from Chilean director Alicia
Sher Singh an erotic suspense film about
two orphans in Rome who get involved
with the plot by two former bodybuilders
most of note is a performance by
legendary actor Rutger Hauer as a former
mr. universe and B movie star but at the
beginning real good and at some point we
all turned bad
soft in the head
from director Nathan silver tells the
story of Natalia and addict who is
completely down-and-out that ends up in
a shelter where she loves to buck the
system and work the residents into a
frenzy of lust soft when the head was
directed without a traditional strip and
instead relies on emotional chaos I've
noticed the film strange and playful
trailer which can be viewed by clicking
the button below this is our list of the
five films to see at the Vancouver
International Film Festival
comment below to let us know what you're
excited about thanks for watching